fix(s3): add header put object (#385)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/api-cli/object-operations.mdx

``` 
aws s3api put-object --bucket BucketName --key dir-1/ObjectName --body ObjectName
``` 

<Message type="note">

>   To define the [storage class] of the object directly upon creation, add the `x-amz-storage-class` header and specify one of the following classes: `STANDARD`, `ONEZONE_IA`, `GLACIER`. Example: `x-amz-storage-class:ONEZONE_IA`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To define the [storage class] of the object directly upon creation, add the `x-amz-storage-class` header and specify one of the following classes: `STANDARD`, `ONEZONE_IA`, `GLACIER`. Example: `x-amz-storage-class: ONEZONE_IA`. 
```

>   To define the [storage class](/storage/object/concepts/#storage-class) of the object directly upon creation, add the `x-amz-storage-class` header and specify one of the following classes: `STANDARD`, `ONEZONE_IA`, `GLACIER`. Example: `x-amz-storage-class: ONEZONE_IA`. 
>   

Reviewer 2: Since we're showing examples of both the `awscli s3api` calls and the raw HTTP requests on this page, shouldn't we provide an example for both in regards to the storage class?

```suggestion
  To define the [storage class](/storage/object/concepts/#storage-class) of the object directly upon creation, use the `--storage-class <class>` option with `awscli` or add the `x-amz-storage-class <class>` header if you're using the S3 API directly. You can specify one of the following classes: `STANDARD`, `ONEZONE_IA`, `GLACIER`. Example: `x-amz-storage-class: ONEZONE_IA`. 
  
```

(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/s3api/put-object.html)

>   If no class is specified, the object is created as Standard by default. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If no class is specified, the object is created as STANDARD by default. 
```

>   To define the [storage class](/storage/object/concepts/#storage-class) of the object directly upon creation, use the `--storage-class <class>` option with `awscli` or add the `x-amz-storage-class <class>` header when using the S3 API. You can specify one of the following classes: `STANDARD`, `ONEZONE_IA`, `GLACIER`. Example: `x-amz-storage-class: ONEZONE_IA`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To define the [storage class](/storage/object/concepts/#storage-class) of the object directly upon creation, use the `--storage-class <class>` option with `awscli` or add the `x-amz-storage-class: <class>` header when using the S3 API. You can specify one of the following classes: `STANDARD`, `ONEZONE_IA`, `GLACIER`. Example: `x-amz-storage-class: ONEZONE_IA`. 
```

>   To define the [storage class](/storage/object/concepts/#storage-class) of the object directly upon creation, use the `--storage-class <class>` option with `awscli` or add the `x-amz-storage-class <class>` header if you're using the S3 API directly. You can specify one of the following classes: `STANDARD`, `ONEZONE_IA`, `GLACIER`. Example: `x-amz-storage-class: ONEZONE_IA`. 

Author: ```suggestion
  To define the [storage class](/storage/object/concepts/#storage-class) of the object directly upon creation, use the `--storage-class <class>` option with `awscli` or add the `x-amz-storage-class <class>` header when using the S3 API. You can specify one of the following classes: `STANDARD`, `ONEZONE_IA`, `GLACIER`. Example: `x-amz-storage-class: ONEZONE_IA`. 
```
